---
slug: day-8
title: Day 8 - Front End and Game Design Progress
authors:
  name: Gao Wei
  title: Docusaurus Core Team
  url: https://github.com/wgao19
  image_url: https://github.com/wgao19.png
tags:
  [
    OIP2023,
    DesignProject,
    FrontEnd,
    WebDesign,
    ContentCuration,
    GameDesign,
    Prototyping,
    Figma,
    DyslexicFriendly,
    VideoPitchPrep,
  ]
---

Front End and Game Design Progress

Front-end Updates:
Today was a lesson in content curation and presentation. In our bid to create a comprehensive record of our project journey on the website, we initially leaned towards incorporating all our learnings and experiences. This, however, resulted in verbose and potentially monotonous content.

We realized the importance of balance - communicating the pivotal aspects of our design journey in a concise and reader-friendly manner. This didn't necessarily mean reducing content, but rather thoughtfully curating and presenting it for maximum impact and ease of reading. This lesson has been crucial in influencing our approach to the further stages of development.

Grove Quest Updates:
We made significant progress on our Figma prototype today and refined our puzzles and trivia questions based on the latest email communication with the client. One interesting thing we learned is that the Comic Sans font is more child-friendly and could enhance user-friendliness. However, we are considering dyslexic-friendly font alternatives for better inclusivity.

All in all, it was a productive day for the games team, and we are gearing up for tomorrow's week 2 video pitch submission.
