---
slug: day-1
title: Day 1 - Kick-off of our OIP2023 Design Project Module!
authors:
  name: Gao Wei
  title: Docusaurus Core Team
  url: https://github.com/wgao19
  image_url: https://github.com/wgao19.png
tags:
  [
    OIP2023,
    DesignProject,
    CS,
    MentalModels,
    MOMTest,
    TeamCommunication,
    ClientInteraction,
    MeetingPreparation,
    ProblemUnderstanding,
    ClientExpectations,
  ]
---

Classes:
We started with an introduction to our design project module, led by our lecturer, Jonathan Grizou. We delved into the topic of mental models and participated in activities that highlight common mental models in Computer Science. A significant portion of the class was dedicated to understanding the MOM test and learning how to ask meaningful, insightful questions.

Project:
Our first face-to-face meeting with team 1 was productive. We discussed project assumptions and expectations, and got to understand each other's mental models. After much discussion, we decided on our internal communication platforms. We will be using WhatsApp and Discord for full and individual team communications, Github for code repository, and Google Drive for document sharing.

We established communication lines and set up a meeting with our clients in collaboration with team 1A. The team contract was verbally affirmed to ensure everyone is on the same page.

We sent out emails containing additional quick-prompts based on the MOM test format. This is to help us understand more about the problem statement and our clients' needs.

As part of our preparation for client meetings, we are:

1. Confirming if the meeting with the Fossil Grove Client will be physical or online.
2. Choosing and finalizing details for our meeting tomorrow.
3. Informing Scotstoun Primary about the updated meeting details.
4. Checking with clients to understand what they're looking to develop and what their expectations are.
5. Finding out from the clients their expected group sizes for each field trip.

We're looking forward to getting answers to these questions and working towards meeting our clients' needs.
